We would like to invite you to be part of this research project, if you would like to. You should only agree to take part if you want to, it is entirely up to you. If you choose not to take part there won’t be any disadvantages for you and you will hear no more about it.

Please read the following information carefully before you decide to take part; this will tell you why the research is being done and what you will be asked to do if you take part. Please ask if there is anything that is not clear or if you would like more information.

If you decide to take part you will be asked to sign the attached form to say that you agree.You are still free to withdraw at any time and without giving a reason.

All recorded data will be locked away and only kept for the period of the project, to be destroyed afterwards. It will only be used in connection with this research project.

You will be undergoing a mobile app study for healthier snacking. We will be asking you some questions related to your weight and your eating habits. We will be instructing you on the use of mobile apps for a specified duration of up to one week. The use of these apps will not be invasive at all, but will only provide reminders aimed to encourage thoughts, feelings and situations that can aid your weight control goals through measurement, and prompting throughout the day. We are NOT going to be recommending a weight control program. The apps will only be used to support the weight control efforts that you are already individually pursuing. We are NOT providing any dietary, health, or medical advice in any way. All data will be stored anonymously and will not be linked to you in any way.

We may also ask if you'd be up for participating in an up to hour long voice recorded interview about your experience using the app. If you are being interviewed, interviews will be voice recorded and last up to an hour. We will ask you about the thoughts, feelings, and situations surrounding your weight control efforts and how you use mobile apps to support these. Use of the audio recordings (which will be stored anonymously) will only be available to researchers who are transcribing the recordings and analysing and writing up the results for this project. The recordings will not be made available for anyone else.

It is up to you to decide whether or not to take part. If you do decide to take part you will be given this information sheet to keep and be asked to sign a consent form. YOU ARE FREE TO DROP OUT OF THE STUDY AT ANY TIME. If you have any questions or concerns about the manner in which the study was conducted please, in the first instance, contact the researcher responsible for the study. If this is unsuccessful, or not appropriate, please contact the Secretary at the Queen Mary Ethics of Research Committee, Room W117, Queen’s Building, Mile End Campus, Mile End Road, London or research-ethics@qmul.ac.uk.